feat(next): TODOs (#11987)
withastro/astro: .changeset/cool-mangos-shop.md

---
'astro': major
---

> The locals object can no longer be overridden
> 
> Middleware, API endpoints, and pages can no longer override the `locals` object in its entirety. You can still append locals onto the object, but you can not replace the entire object, wiping out old values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `locals` object can no longer be overridden

Middleware, API endpoints, and pages can no longer override the `locals` object in its entirety. You can still append values onto the object, but you can not replace the entire object and delete its existing values.
```
